giving_the_back_to_the_audience:
During your presentation you varied in posture. This can make your presentation more vibrant. Still, in a subsequent presentation you could look at the audience more often and spend less time looking at your slides. When you face the audience, you make contact with your listeners, you will look more interested and you can actively involve your audience in the presentation.
standing_with_the_bodyweight_on_one_leg:
During your presentation you have adopted various postures. The way you stand on your feet is essential for conveying a message effectively. In this fragment you stood on one leg with your body weight. In a subsequent presentation, try to adopt a more stable posture by standing on two legs. Make sure that you distribute your weight over two legs and that you slowly lean your weight on the front part of your feet. With a stable posture you can better support the content of your presentation, your presentation comes across more powerfully to the audience and you have the ideal posture for good breathing which is necessary to present in a relaxed manner.
hands_touching_face:
You used your hands during your presentation. If used effectively, this can reinforce the message. Still, in a subsequent presentation you could try not to touch your face while presenting. This attitude can come across to the audience as casual or uninterested. Therefore, try to keep your hands relaxed next to the body or use supporting gestures to convey a message more powerfully. In that case, make sure you have open hands to make those gestures possible.
crossed_arms:
You used your arms during your presentation. If used  effectively, this can reinforce the message. Still, you could try not to cross your arms in a subsequent presentation. Such a closed posture creates a distance between you and your audience. Therefore, try to keep your arms relaxed next to the body or use supporting gestures to convey a message more powerfully. In that case, make sure you have open hands and that you move your arms smoothly to make those gestures possible.
hands_in_pockets:
You used your hands during your presentation. If used effectively, this can reinforce the message. Still, in a subsequent presentation you could try not to put your hands in your pockets. This attitude can come across to the audience as casual or uninterested. Therefore, try to keep your hands relaxed next to the body or use supporting gestures to convey a message more powerfully. In that case, make sure you have open hands to make those gestures possible.
delivered_gestures:
During your presentation you adopted supporting gestures in an effective manner. These gestures allow you to reinforce your messages, demonstrates an active attitude and involves the audience in your story.